Abby Heath: cords a cloud.
Abby Heath: awesome does it say it's recording for you.
Chenyu Hu: yeah yeah.
Abby Heath: Then live transcripts enable.
Abby Heath: Beautiful okay.
So.
Abby Heath: And then the way it works is when I because it's a cloud recording when I end the zoom i'll get a link to the cloud recording and then it took like a while last time it took almost like 30 minutes, an hour before.
Chenyu Hu: it's actually returning.
Abby Heath: yeah so they want us to do what Alina say ELENA told me that we should do like varying lengths, you know, like we should do like a minute long three minutes on five minutes long.
Chenyu Hu: Probably should no, no, no problem.
Abby Heath: Alright, so.
Abby Heath: Action I guess.
Abby Heath: So what are we still need to work on um We really need to kind of get a back end setup.
Abby Heath: yeah or the APP because, once we have a back end setup we can work on accessing the zoom API.
Abby Heath: Which.
Chenyu Hu: Obviously we need.
Abby Heath: So I set up a back end.
Abby Heath: And you can research, how we can go about getting access to the zoom API How does that sound.
Chenyu Hu: Sure, no problem.
Chenyu Hu: So do think we need the lobbies to the like the account log function for the system.
Abby Heath: What do you mean for what.
Chenyu Hu: So, so those those thing when you the login for the user.
Abby Heath: or right yeah yeah yeah I think I will i'm not really sure how it works.
Abby Heath: yeah the zoom so that's the thing you're going to have to research, you know how to do it.
Abby Heath: Okay i'm.
Abby Heath: cool.
Abby Heath: Stop recording.